---
layout: post
---

When I first created this, I thought that writing would flow out of my brain and this would be incessently easy to make. But alas

Rather, I am sitting here, forcing myself to write this just to have content.

ok...

I'll write about my current world view! (basically why I made this thing in the first place)
what I find undeniable:
ignorance is the worst problem currently and always facing humanity
Most conflicts come out of a want to fight
humans are really bad at not being selfish
All actions are driven by our emotions (but that's just a repeat of line 15)

Now I tend to work a lot. I like to think that I can push out my emotions, keeping out anything that could get in the way of raw efficiency. But of course that's not the way things work out. For the past few years, I have been naïve, slowly digging an island for myself in hopes that there I will be able to achieve goals beyond anything imaginable.
But of course, the undeniable truths of human beings get in the way. I can't seem to finish a project, out of frustration. I can't seem to even start a project once I put it, out of pure laziness and distraction in a commodified world (now that's broad...)

I get distracted with petty acts of notability, like on wikipedia, hoping that somehow I can make a name for myself.
I tell myself I have learned that concentration is the key aspect to any type of success, and indeed, I still believe it is. But the fact that I can't live by my own tenants suggests that something is unilaterally wrong with my disposition. 

I can't seem to find structure in a world that requires it. Everybody recommends a planner, a calendar, and more just to keep track of your personal activities. Organization is paramount in a world where mistakes are frowned upon, despite the "you always learn from mistakes" superficial attitude present in the world. So focused on projects-- and the more I consider it, the more I find that these projects are for short term gains-- to get my name out there when I'm still an unexperienced high schooler.

Perhaps this organization of the world comes from code-- after all, my code never seems to work because of my apparent lack of organization. But I'm only coding to do these aforementioned superficial projects.

Rather, it's necessary to move past this cloud of college admissions and seeming to be some kind of genius in high school and focus on the long term. Obsession might be healthy in the short term, but not the long term. Thus, short term goals must be found to breka up projects into, slow incremental steps towards some always thought of unreachable reality that only becomes reachable once the cloud of unreachability has receded in midlife.

By merely existing, in a Darwinian sense, I must consider myself above all. I am the only one that can experience my conciousness
