---
layout: post
---

So now the first week of school has ended for my junior year of high school. Honestly, I couldn't be more than ready for high school to end. I just want to have more freedom to explore what fascinates me, and by being bogged down with effectively two physics classes that are the exact same and I already know everything in both of them isn't exactly helping. 

But I also need to keep in mind that complaints aren't going to do anything. After all, I'm still going to have to go to school no matter what, and complaining about it isn't helping anything. But sometimes I almost want to scream in class, the boredom gets to me so much. I work so much more effeciently at home....

Oh well, it just seems that I automatically complain about things.

On another note, my program is currently running, which is exciting. I can immediately expand that into a research paper, because all the research papers already out there are just really frustratingly bad. Bad's a poor choice of words. More like fundamentally flawed, albeit perhaps an exaggeration.

Oh the internet and it's distractions.

This is a very disconnected post with respect to the other posts, perhaps because of the time and the fact that I have gone to school, a very mentally tedious process. 

And on other fronts? Well, I'm not going to go into detail on that here.

But let's just discuss my views on something, because at this point I'm desperate to make this post longer!

(I'm so tired it's hard to think of anything)

What is a person supposed to do in life?
WARNING: very opinionated. I looked over this later and a lot of it is border line wrong...
Well, this is obviously a very conflicting answer, because in the broad statistical spectrum, there is a smoot almost gaussian curve of jobs in the U.S. adult job industry. But then again, everyone will explain to you the path they went down as if they were right all along and their career was the best option, especially the higher up in expertise you get were people had to waste (crossed out text) spend more time to get to the level of profession they are at. No one can describe exactly what it is that makes their profession better then someone else's only that it is. So what should someone ideally have out of career?

Well I've seen there are really two routes that people look for. One is that they want to live a happy life. This kind of goes with the point of living in the first place. Afterall, if the point of living is to (1), live, and (2), live well, doesn't condition two and kind of condition one manifest itself in enjoyment of job? I would think so. 

But for those kinds of jobs, there is always that nagging doubt that you are doing nothing significant in the world, and while people might remember you right after you die, in give or take 30 years, no one will remember your name.

Then there is the other route, which I like to call the fame/changing the world route. Because lets face it, in such a population congested world, will any one individual have any lasting effect on the world in 200 years? 300 years? 1000 years? As time increases, an individuals effect diminishes to nothing until in the end, no one will have any lasting effect on the world. The most common example I see of this route though, is using it as an excuse for personal gain (selection bias though because these are by definition popular people which I am more likely to come across). These people will say that they want to change the world, but all they really want is to be well known in their lifetime, at the very least, because who really cares what happens after they die? 

Personally, I fall into the second category, although as I age, I start to realize the importance of drawing aspects of the first category for mental sanity, to be blunt, and in the broader scheme of things, so I don't end up training myself to dislike what I should love, my world changing/fame bringing activities.

I suppose there is a kind of third category, one where job opportunities are to discover the fundamentals of the universe. And I guess that is in part why I want to go into that exact field of research. But that of course is always only part of the story.

I get my attention drawn from my ultimate goals from petty contests, science olympiads and the like, as well as more national contests, like, well, college, the largest nationwide contest that I can think of. I mean, there's a reason after all that I'm taking and studying for these ACTs and SATs. And I can tell myself to get into college is just for career advancement and all these nice ideals, but I end up just focusing on the goal in sight: college, for example, as well as any of these other contests I participate in.

I need to finish this up to go to bed, but it's also really important that I add a hopefully not lengthy caveat here.
Almost by very nature, I hate the idea of categories (I included the first phrase so all the pararaphs didn't start with I because that would be narcissicistic-- not spelled correctly). Categories are merely boxes to make humanity's existence easier to deal with. But when dealing with abstract philosophical topics, important ones that apply to all our daily lives, we can't afford to artificially group things. It is better to talk about gradients, and if we want to get meta about it, gradients of gradients, and gradients of gradients of gradients. Philosophy described in the language of calculus.

So why did I include the categories? Honestly, I'm not that sure. It is just a rant after all (is italicized but I'm too lazy to look up how). But it is helpful for me to think in the temporary, before gaining more life experiences and a bit more expertise in managing these abstract concepts with respect to the idea of people choosing jobs. While a vast generalization and because of that perhaps only applicable to less than one percent of the population of the world, at least ti can give a bit of temporary insight into the problem of greed infecting our lives and the path that the conglomerate we call humanity takes and the worldline that brings us down in the reality that is the universe. (wow that was a weird sentence structure).

Just like introductory physics or math courses, we* must simplify the concepts as to acertain temporary knowledge, that will only be replaced later on with a more complete and hopefully more accurate understanding of these concepts. 
Asterisk on we, because by we I kind of just mean "I"

That's all for now!
-- Sam Christian
